Announce new logging system (#2568)
18F/cg-site: _posts/2024-11-21-new-logging-system.md

---
layout: post
date: November 21st, 2024
title: "Announcing Cloud.gov Logging system update"

> excerpt: The Cloud.gov is upgrading the current application logging system in Dec 2024, and decommissioning the old system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: The Cloud.gov is upgrading the current application logging system in December 2024, and decommissioning the old system. 
```

* Coming Soon:
  * Support for alerting, and routing alerts to external systems

## Actions you may need to take

**No action is needed** to ensure that your logs will be available: All log entries emitted by your containers and applications will be available in the new system. Any integrations you have with external logging services remain the same.

**Select tenancy**: When you log in, you will be required to select which tenant (Cloud.gov organization) you want to work in. Any visualizations and dashboards you create will only be visible to other people with access to the same tenant and underlying organization in Cloud.gov

We recommend you take the following actions:

* **Migrate saved searches and dashboards**: While all the log entries are being migrated for you, you will need to migrate customizations you have made. We will provide documentation next week.
* **Update bookmarks**: Saved bookmarks that work with the old system will not work with the new system. You will need to update your bookmarks, as we'll detail in our transition documentation.

> * **Take a tour:** If you can, try out the new system in December while you can compare functionality to the old system. Consider attending the Cloud.gov Logs workshop the week of December 9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Take a tour:** If you can, try out the new system in December while you can compare functionality to the old system. Consider attending the Cloud.gov Logs workshop the week on December 10.
```

Below we give a specific date so just being consistent
